1. Hours to complete the project: 7 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Wind Chill): I had an error for the ^ symbol so after research I changed it to **, I had to seperate the vaules and place a * operand so it would multiply t. 

   Problem 2 (Body Mass Index): I wasnt sure what the formula was to calculate BMI, after research the formula wasweight divided by height squared and pluged it into stdio.writeln

   Problem 3 (Polar Coordinates): The ^ had to be changed to ** operand after erorors, arctan in python is math.atan after research

   Problem 4 (Order Check): This one was very easy, just used the if operand and followed the directions on how to order all 3 values in order and the value to print

   Problem 5 (Day of the Week): mod had to be changed to %, commands had to be taken in int form

   Problem 6 (Mercator Projection): Extremely difficult to solve this one, ln was not being recognized in the terminal so I changed it to log
 
   Problem 7 (Great Circle): Confused by radians and degrees, took in input as radians and converted to degrees, changed arc cos to math.acos and followed the formula

   Problem 8 (Three Sort): Took me very long to figure out the concept, after figured it was printing 1 2 3 on seperate lines so I researched how t put them on the same line and had to use end="", took a lot of time thinking about how to use if elif and else concept

   Problem 9 (Random Integer):Extremely easy, used notes from class, used a ] bracket instead of parenthasis and had to change

   Problem 10 (Three Dice): really straightforward, used random.randrange and added them up

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   piazza              professor      error help

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I understood more of python after this exercise however many of the topics we didnt cover such as end="" to print on the same line.
